index.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title:  Home
permalink: /
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ '/assets/css/custom.css' | relative_url }}">

![Andrii Nikolaiev](images/prof_pic.jpg){: style="float:right; width:300px; border-radius:12px; margin:0 0 1em 1em;"}

Hi! 👋

I'm Andrii Nikolaiev, a computer science researcher from Ukraine.
I’m a Ph.D. candidate at Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv (KNU), working under the supervision of [Prof. Anatoly Anisimov](https://dblp.org/pid/72/5294.html).
My research focuses on natural language processing, particularly large language models, data generation methods, and mathematical reasoning.

Currently, I’m a visiting postgraduate research student at the University of Cambridge, working with [Prof. Simone Teufel](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~sht25/) and [Dr. Yiannos Stathopoulos](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~yas23/).

I completed my B.Sc. and M.Sc. (with honours) in Computer Science at KNU in 2018 and 2020, respectively.

Outside academia, I'm passionate about STEM education for younger learners. I’ve taught mathematics and programming, and coordinated educational programs, such as _NGO Kontora Pi_, _PIT School_, _Mathematical Olymp_, among others. I’m also the co-founder and director of _Kvanta_, an educational STEM project for schoolchildren.

Commit message:

Home page upd & the rest

index.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title:  Home
permalink: /
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ '/assets/css/custom.css' | relative_url }}">

![Andrii Nikolaiev](images/prof_pic.jpg){: style="float:right; width:300px; border-radius:12px; margin:0 0 1em 1em;"}

Hi! 👋

I'm a Ph.D. candidate in Computer Science at [Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv](https://knu.ua/en/), working under the supervision of [Prof. Anatoly Anisimov](https://dblp.org/pid/72/5294.html) and a visiting postgraduate research student at the [University of Cambridge](https://www.cst.cam.ac.uk/), advised by [Prof. Simone Teufel](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~sht25/) and [Dr. Yiannos Stathopoulos](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~yas23/).

My research focuses on the mathematical reasoning capabilities of language models. I study how changes in problem representation affect model performance, conduct human studies to compare reasoning patterns, and analyse how problem domain and complexity shape outcomes. I also develop methods for automated evaluation and synthetic data generation. You can find my research contributions at the [/research](/research) page.

Beyond academia, I’m passionate about STEM education for young learners. I’ve taught mathematics and programming, and coordinated educational initiatives including _NGO Kontora Pi_, _PIT School_, _Mathematical Olymp_. I’m also the co-founder and director of _Kvanta_, an educational STEM project for schoolchildren. Learn more on the [/stem-projects](/stem-projects) page.
